Wes Smith: Hey, Michelle.
Wes Smith: Hi.
Richelle Direny: I'm good, how are you doing
Wes Smith: I'm good, don't find it.
Richelle Direny: Was your weekend.
Wes Smith: Sorry I'm late. Sorry about 12 minutes late. I had a little next up with the virtual clinic me hold up for a second. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Okay. You're good, you're good, you're actually very good
Wes Smith: Can't blame it on and I was a little late myself but five minutes.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Wes Smith: Surprised to see me.
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Good.
Richelle Direny: And you had your appointment scheduled for today.
Wes Smith: Yeah. Did you forget
Richelle Direny: I have, I have my calendar up in front of me, you
Wes Smith: Know I'm saying, like, I forget. But though I'll have it still on my calendar. I had it on my calendar and I forgot all about it being Mario's
Wes Smith: Bang. It's already like I remember a couple weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: I know I I actually, I had it on my calendar, because usually I'll send out my reminders today, but it's been super busy for me today. So
Wes Smith: Because I get a text from you either
Wes Smith: I was thinking
Wes Smith: I don't know which one I look at my logs and I was like, she texts me from this one and that one.
Richelle Direny: But no, I didn't know. I didn't send the reminder. I didn't say because it was like today.
Wes Smith: I knew there was something up. I was like, spoke about it. Just go ahead and get there I was, like, five minutes late, but
No.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: It is one of those days, super busy.
Mm hmm.
Wes Smith: Been staying clear coronavirus and
Wes Smith: What do you
Do
Wes Smith: Huh.
Richelle Direny: I said I left it creeps in the events in comes in their house.
Wes Smith: According to yourself, always a Mac. Hey, like, what are you like in Florida. I was
I remember
Wes Smith: Are you is that where you're you're down because I remember one of the other ones. Jody I last individual. She said she was in Miami. Some one of them was in Miami.
Richelle Direny: God is
Forgiving.
Wes Smith: Somebody
Richelle Direny: It will, you know,
Wes Smith: Get it was
Wes Smith: You know body. I did a
Richelle Direny: It's not, it's the therapist before me and on and
Wes Smith: On saying that you it was. That's right. You took on say spot.
Wes Smith: To
Wes Smith: See on say, Quit right not quit. I was leaving right as I left.
Richelle Direny: As you started, I think.
Wes Smith: Yep, that's
Richelle Direny: Right, as you were starting she she left
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Wes Smith: Yeah, she bought a month have to
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I don't know where God is God is not in Florida. I know that.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it was on saying it was because that's the word I said, Can you walk. Are you like on the you know how Scarface you know you know you get that in your head on Miami, how it was like
Wes Smith: You know, sunsets and palm trees and then you got the storefront going on right here. And then you got the beach right there. Right. You know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Danny yes in Miami, but it depends on the side that you live on.
Wes Smith: Why, and that's exactly what she said. It said depends on where you're at, like, really. And I was like, well, I know that it's gotta be the south end
Richelle Direny: Why beach. Yeah, I mean like I don't live close to the beach and you know when you live in Florida.
Richelle Direny: You have to, like, you know, like, so when you don't learn for to everyone is like the beach, the beach, the beach and they want to live close to it but us Floridians we know better.
Richelle Direny: We know better, it's not good to know because because of the fact that we have a lot of hurricanes, you
Wes Smith: Guys are
Wes Smith: To the equator. You guys get hot bothered. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Stephen wars so far away from it. So,
Richelle Direny: But then, but with the beach. You get a lot of storms, like, so we're getting ready to enter into hurricane season. So what happens is
Richelle Direny: hurricane season, you're the first one that have to leave your house until you send you a higher chance of you getting um
Richelle Direny: You know the images from the hurricane. So you have to have higher insurance so you don't find that more a lot more tourists and things like that. Like people moving into Florida. They want to go to the beach. Was there like the beach, the beach. We love the beach.
Wes Smith: Mm hmm.
Wes Smith: Does
Richelle Direny: He drive to it.
Wes Smith: Right, right. Didn't Irma didn't hit like 2013 or that
Richelle Direny: Pyramid didn't hit us. I think around my head.
Wes Smith: What was the one about hit you guys that Trump came down. They're not like he was doing shit bro
Wes Smith: Towels at people like like remember when he's saying he's he's in it. I can't standing but still
Wes Smith: I can't remember that I think it might have might have been Alabama.
Richelle Direny: There is one hurricane that it hit Florida but more it seemed like as a cat one or maybe a cat to
Wes Smith: Was attached
Richelle Direny: To it came up the coast and then it more hit like north of me. So, but they got a lot like of like the feeder bands which was pretty
Richelle Direny: Until they got a lot more flooding and like the places that got damaged were the ones that are like right next to the beach, like my
Order.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Wes Smith: So, didn't he was in Miami, you're in Wyoming.
Richelle Direny: Whoa. Oh, I hate me. Oh God, I hate it.
Wes Smith: Don't ask. I don't want to know your exactly saying like
Richelle Direny: No, so, so, so, like, I'm sure, like you're in, you're in Ohio. Right.
Wes Smith: So southwest, Ohio. Like, literally, if you look at the map of Ohio and you look like towards the chart like okay there's Indiana and the very bottom of India's the top
Wes Smith: Right where meets the middle like right we're all three of them touch. Okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm in so so with where I am in in South Florida. Yes.
Richelle Direny: What so you have Miami.
Richelle Direny: Like you have the key holder. You have the keys, then you have Miami sell the keys and not about. So the keys is like the end the end of the United States, as you know, it is the complete end of United States is the keys and then you have Miami coming up into Miami and each
Richelle Direny: County.
Richelle Direny: So let Miami is like Dade County and that's where she was then you have Broward County, then you have pony. So like I'm in Palm Beach County and then you're going further up into the state. So I am I'm south, but I'm not as far south as onstage.
Wes Smith: Like, Well, you heard about that.
Wes Smith: Back in 2018 this kid, I used to rap music good rapper a good kid really smart x x x seven you got shot and killed in Deer Park.
Richelle Direny: All of that stuff. What you hear about
Richelle Direny: A lot of that is in Miami. So you remember how Jay Z had came up with like this theme song. Oh yeah, New York, so like
Wes Smith: New York
Richelle Direny: Yes, but then like when he calls out the different cities or states. One of them was Miami, Florida.
Richelle Direny: A lot of entertainers live in Miami. A lot of people have their second home in Miami. So a lot of people. So it's kind of like a little New York
Richelle Direny: So one of the reasons why I don't care. I personally cannot stand Miami, it's because it's it's it's somewhat mirrors New York where he's like a lot of one way streets very, very busy, you almost need to learn. No, a second language Spanish to beat
Wes Smith: Tracks. A lot of idiots.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, so I don't care for it because and again
Wes Smith: Everybody video
Wes Smith: Not everybody it's done there, but I mean it attracts a lot of the people that
Richelle Direny: You have a lot of remember it's close. We're very close to
Richelle Direny: Cuba, when you go down to like the keys yard. When we thank you so you have a lot of central you hear like in Florida, where you have like a lot of
Richelle Direny: People who are escaping from the Spanish countries they come to Florida because speaking part of the United States. They could come. So in Miami you house, a lot of, um,
Wes Smith: Well, don't
Wes Smith: Don't you remember
Wes Smith: Don't you remember that what you're saying what you're saying, I'm not talking about the Scarface movie if you know what fictional part
Wes Smith: But I feel like there is that couldn't real like back and said, like right and beginning of the movie. It shows you know Scarface the guy Scarface how he his beginnings. Were they trying to green card and America.
Wes Smith: And it says issuance of like footage of, like, people like real life footage getting shipped, you know, refugees that Castro cast it out and he was
Wes Smith: They had the house them right underneath the interstates and highways and shit and Miami and it was intense. And that's what it was saying. But I don't know if that was a fictional like
Richelle Direny: realistic fiction. A lot of that stuff happens you'll find that more in Miami, like I said, it's, it's
Richelle Direny: Almost like
Richelle Direny: A hub of certain things Miami is one. It's a forward looking, Miami. It's one of them. So, you know, you
Richelle Direny: Don't know if you've ever heard years ago because you have so much immigrants in Miami, like Spanish. And I think there was one year they were doing something with the government.
Wes Smith: Modeling something
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Wes Smith: This whole country's made it. We will, we are in like white people or
Richelle Direny: You don't like sort of your family. Like if you look in your lineage. Yes. Yeah, like
Wes Smith: Everybody. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're all your great great grand mother or father somebody isn't
Wes Smith: The only yeah the Native Americans. That's the only one.
Richelle Direny: True. That's true. Yeah, but
Richelle Direny: They shut down Miami, because like they were they wanted to. There was a period where they wanted to get rid of all of the illegal immigrants in Miami and it became a such an issue because then, like all of Miami was gone. Like all of Miami like everybody was working there and
Like
Richelle Direny: So they have to stop it, because all of your workers were these illegal immigrants that
Richelle Direny: Have how by me operated so they had to stop it because they recognize how important and so they had to like the business owners and everybody has everybody had to come make a stop to it because
Richelle Direny: The problem is you find that immigrants, they would they're willing to do a whole lot more than your Americans because
Richelle Direny: Hey, you're not paying me and oh my God, listen. Oh my God, yes.
Wes Smith: Especially Mexican that stereotype but it's the truth. They love
Richelle Direny: To what you were a fuse.
Wes Smith: That you want and
Wes Smith: They were, they would rather beat you over the head and make you give them a job than to just beat over the head and rob you
Richelle Direny: Know, I mean it.
Wes Smith: Means that like
Richelle Direny: Miami is
Wes Smith: Where we're told if
Wes Smith: It is, look, it's weird that we're talking Miami cuz look
Richelle Direny: Oh, the dolphins. Oh, I know.
Richelle Direny: Together they they they need to get their act together.
Wes Smith: As Tina Tina Tina Hill Tannahill
Richelle Direny: Miami anymore. You
Wes Smith: Call pepper, a to this Jersey is right here.
Richelle Direny: Ever he plays for Miami.
Wes Smith: Yeah, look, I swear, but
Richelle Direny: He's still
Richelle Direny: I don't, you know what, it's funny. I don't really
Richelle Direny: We don't really watch it. We used to be begin to or my husband needs to be very big into football, big fan of Miami Dolphins, and the heats and the
Wes Smith: Dude, the heat when they played the Chicago Bulls Derrick Rose with the NDP I hated
Richelle Direny: People are gone. And so it's just kind of like a whole so you know
Wes Smith: I think I but you know the XX.
Wes Smith: Xx kid. He was very smart kid, man. And he, like, don't let you know he wasn't he don't want. Is it because a lot of people will let the word rapper.
Wes Smith: They automatically think went over there, the troublemakers. The thugs or this or that they get high.
Wes Smith: Okay, yeah, long prod you get high. But a lot of them don't do as much as they say they just say that just to make yourself look cool and clown, but I'm ex was wanted. He was up. I think you probably heard of the next xx
Richelle Direny: Temptation I you know I so I don't really listen to rap and stuff like that but
Richelle Direny: When he when when x ecstasy or whatever his name was. But when he passed. Like, I mean, that's all they're going to talk about on the news. So a lot of people you hear about because of what happened.
Wes Smith: With stalking you know like they were a he was just bought a thing in Deer Park or they get my dear so Park. I think that sounds familiar by there. It was nice.
Richelle Direny: That somewhere in mind because a lot of these rappers and a lot of main artist. That's where they that's where they are in Miami, you don't find a lot. Oh.
Wes Smith: Yeah, it's
Like
Wes Smith: Yeah. But actually, he was a smart kid need. They killed him like
Wes Smith: Just robbing just robbing and you know I mean it was crazy. You didn't expect something like that. And I remember that happened. I thought that was a good always liking.
Wes Smith: And now yeah he's, uh, he just came to his last album, he only had so much unreleased you know tracks.
Wes Smith: But you know, I mean, like, that sucks, but I remember that was in Broward I remember the county shirt like the shirts made a statement, but I remember I was supposed to go down to Florida from Tennessee closest I've ever been south is
Wes Smith: I was down 45 minutes south of Knoxville, Tennessee, and it's a i was i was about an hour and a half away from Birmingham, Alabama pretty close to about two hours. I was down by I'm
Wes Smith: An hour away from Bristol, North Carolina. That was going, you know, if you look at the top of the
Wes Smith: Beast, but if I would go about our, our minute three minute was coming in but I ready. We're having a big, big gory brie hurting like
Wes Smith: I remember not side and it was pigeon Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, and it was like gusts was crazy that just the winds on our plate. It wasn't even it was, you know, I mean, so far we still had that was in 2011 2001
Wes Smith: You guys, that's your hurricane season in March, April, May.
Richelle Direny: Know it starts in June, June.
Richelle Direny: June is the mid June and goes all the way till November. Yep.
Wes Smith: So,
Wes Smith: Here we are. Yeah.
Wes Smith: Hold on, I'm not rushing you anything that made a lot easier. You said you've been on it all day. I understand. Hey, I'm not here to make a day bad
Wes Smith: Uh,
Wes Smith: Yeah.
Wes Smith: Was I gonna say I was gonna ask you some
Wes Smith: I don't know. No, no, no, no. I hate that man like that's one thing. Like, you know, once you get off drugs, you know, I mean, it's like
Wes Smith: An app is probably from the weed back in the day when I smoked all the time that attribute right there, like notice you start noticing Man Thanks slipping my mind here. Now you know i mean
Wes Smith: So that's one thing I always look back
Wes Smith: Whenever you get off drugs. It's like, does it tells you up mentally or physically the emotional everything
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So, so one of the things that I want to own cuz I know
Richelle Direny: Last time we met.
Richelle Direny: We talked
Wes Smith: Hmm, on the eighth
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I want to for
Wes Smith: Us to talk about already. Our next appointment, should I put it down now.
Richelle Direny: I will talk about that later. I want to kind of just look over what are your, your treatment plan goals for the most part, because
Wes Smith: One more question.
Wes Smith: WAS ASKED TO GET A weekly survey or is that only for groups.
Wes Smith: You know how like we BAM survey.
Richelle Direny: You did you do one before you checked in with me.
Wes Smith: Last time when it was just being you.
Richelle Direny: Know, just no
Wes Smith: No, I know. I don't. I didn't know. That's what I was trying to think, what do we do weekly survey band.
Richelle Direny: When you, when you check in for group when you check in for
Richelle Direny: Group. See, I'll send up because I don't know if it
Wes Smith: Yeah because think about it.
Wes Smith: What it is, because it's only for seven days. And that's mean you met before the next one.
Wes Smith: Our next group so
Wes Smith: Yeah, right. All right. Because I remember God showed me right, the day before. Stacy died. God had show I'd had a visit her
Wes Smith: And God showed me this is why we took these weekly survey band things. And I was like, wow. Now that you say that show me that she showed me on her computer screen.
Wes Smith: You know, like each question, you know, from zero to this or whatever, it would show in a bar graph, it would she translated it to a bar graph, you know, I mean like took the logistics of it and made it into a bar graph time over so much you know mean under me
Wes Smith: And I was like, Wow, that's pretty cool. How they, you know, I mean, how that showed me and I was like she was like, seems like you're doing better you are doing good. And that was right before I gotten that down slope because it was a day before she
Wes Smith: Will not. It was the day before she technically died, but I was like three days without, you know me, not knowing and I was looking for and calling all. So you mean like I didn't think that. But
Wes Smith: Yeah, that's why I was like, I remember, I remember she was telling me you're doing good year. And I just got put on two weeks script week before she alas, seeing. And I remember I was doing good.
Wes Smith: smashing it really enjoy
Richelle Direny: Your day you're you're in a better place now.
Wes Smith: Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, mentally, physically, emotionally, yes. Supposed to at my new girlfriend, she's very good person and she's a good, a good loving soulmates like my Sony
Wes Smith: That's where I sat her I I really do think that I mean because there's a lot of people that I've seen couples. I just can't get along, blah, blah, blah. That's not
Wes Smith: And it's just like I know everybody has their disagreements and arguments, but it's the one people that you know ain't gonna last long one. That's
Wes Smith: You know, hating on each other every day. Opposition. Opposition that, you know, and not like she just she gives me a good show. And she makes me feel good about myself, Maya and I felt like
Wes Smith: I became wise. I've had my trials and tribulations with love and thinking I'm in love and all and not not love. It's just, I'm used to it, or I'm used to them. No, I really, I really feel like what I put in. I get. I get back tenfold.
Wes Smith: Why
Wes Smith: And that's a good
Wes Smith: Thing I mean like, don't, don't you think that that sounds like a good logic, really, it's like it's like don't love somebody, because
Wes Smith: You know something certain suit superficial reasons but love them, how they make you feel about yourself. No, I mean, cuz you gotta love yourself love anybody you know i mean
Wes Smith: For like she makes me care about myself. Well, I don't know. It's hard to explain.
Wes Smith: I'm some angel and I'm, you know, taking every step right yeah i mean but
Wes Smith: She gives me a certain confidence and not a false sense a real sense
Wes Smith: Many more reasons you know i mean
Wes Smith: I gotta say like sometimes I think and I don't want to say, I'm not saying this in a way to be me, shape or form or disrespectful to the, you know, to Stacey or anything, but like, and there's a reason for everything. Now, I think, you know, I mean, like maybe
Wes Smith: You get where I'm going with that.
Wes Smith: Not saying that that was what the this the biggest greet
Richelle Direny: Me, put it like this. That was a season in your life that was a season in your life that you went through.
Richelle Direny: And it's something that's something that can be learned from that season.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Um, and that's just kind of how you look at it and everything that you've experienced in life. Everything that you go through in life. It's a season you take from you take from it what you you can
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: You know you don't want to necessarily you you learn from it and
Richelle Direny: I'm sure at the time, you probably felt like she was your soulmate at the
Wes Smith: End. She was close.
Wes Smith: Very close to that Stacy was at that time.
Richelle Direny: You know she you felt you were in love with her, you couldn't see you. Are you guys had a thing going, whether or not you guys, whether you're not, you didn't, whatever that situation, whatever it was.
Richelle Direny: He filled a purpose.
Richelle Direny: Or, you know, some type of meaning or something that you needed to learn from
Wes Smith: One time, though she sent me a text. I remember after she's done I read it over and over and over. And she was like, look.
Wes Smith: Because I'm the type of guy when my girl tells me you know I love you no matter what it's like
Wes Smith: I feel like you say that because then one day you think we won't work out. I love you, you know, I mean, like, you know, I mean I think like that. And I remember she was like, look at a text.
Wes Smith: If this don't work or something because we, you know, I mean, we had a couple of talks before about
Wes Smith: Because she told me the doctor was like all you know they did one surgery heart surgery and they told her she went will make like a 30% chance of making it that
Wes Smith: She did. She pulled through it's crazy should be the odd and then you know i mean she was telling me a couple weeks and us for starting so she's like yeah, they said that they wouldn't want to
Wes Smith: Be so quick to this next one, Baba. I'm sitting over red flags are popping up my head, I'm like, wait a minute. We're also going to ask you, what do you get from that Linda doctor tells you that like
Wes Smith: I was just going to tell you, like they just don't want to do they know. This next one's gonna kill you like something a
Wes Smith: Chance smaller chance of pulling through than the last time.
Wes Smith: You know, the next heart surgery.
Wes Smith: They were supposed to do another
Wes Smith: No. See, that's what that's what I said. That's what they were saying. I never seen the very the autopsy itself.
Wes Smith: But when I like I said when I did find out. She was two months pregnant. A couple months after she died.
Wes Smith: And I found out that autopsy said that she had seven different drugs in our system. I said, now here's where I think you're a lie.
Wes Smith: I told him right to their face. You are a liar, sir, that girl did not have seven different types of drugs in her system know she did not. She had Suboxone in her system. She had
Wes Smith: No, no, no, no. She did not have seven different types. She might have. She didn't even smoke weed. You know what I mean. So that's why I know for a fact that that person was lying about that, you know, I mean, it was like
Wes Smith: This overdose. This what because a girl that that had, you know, when you have heart surgery and you know she was fine. She didn't have, like, you know, ventilators, nothing like shouldn't have to have
Wes Smith: Take bunch of medications you know she's young still and she looks, you know, bounced out from it but it. But still, when you have a heart surgery. It takes effect on your lungs and shouldn't have breathing breathing problems. No, but when we were she was like it was cold that winner.
Wes Smith: We were staying with a friend. We didn't have a fully go a place to go at that time. And I remember she because me and my mom and my mom's landlord got into it.
Wes Smith: She
Wes Smith: We were, you know, lean back and forth when when she left that day we was somewhere we was good, you know, I mean, it's like, why are you not coming inside. Why would you just sit in the car.
Wes Smith: You're cool with these people. What is going on, like, I mean like I would literally had to physically put my hands on her to pick her up and pour out of that to get her out of it, or that I could
Wes Smith: I can't force her to do, some don't want to do you know I can come out and give her food and different things, but that was a day before she left and never seen it.
Wes Smith: But you know me. It was like she had them lung problems and being exposed to the cold being on the call, even though that core had heat, you know, I mean it didn't matter if she ever, it would hurt her bad or bad and exposure to cold alone.
Wes Smith: And I, and I told people that I said I'm gonna tell you right now, I want to see this.
Wes Smith: I really do. I still do. Because I want a lot. Look at everybody in the face and say, man, this is what happens when a girl that's in Nicole.
Wes Smith: That fucking just basically has made in certain little you know statements before when she was mad that she just felt like growing up in a ball in a cold spot and dime, you know,
Wes Smith: You know I'm saying. So these people try to say seven different other drugs and overdose come she don't do heroin. She never wanted heroin.
Wes Smith: She had Suboxone and that's what she was content with smoke weed. That's what I'm trying to think, what other drugs can be in her system.
Wes Smith: Nothing, nothing. These people are liars. This whole town's a lot, you know, I mean they was telling people around here that I slit her throat I stole $20 from somebody I was bought. What the hey
Wes Smith: I don't, it's not. It's not. This is just the lies. These people would tell him. Oh.
Richelle Direny: You know what, you know what, sometimes you have to if you know your truth that's why
Wes Smith: I know, I know. And that's what
Wes Smith: That's exactly what I
Richelle Direny: was watching. I was what I don't usually watch this one show what I've heard people talk about it. It's like on this on Facebook.
Richelle Direny: And it's called
Richelle Direny: It's called the red table with
Richelle Direny: Will Smith wife agenda, pink, it's
Wes Smith: Two parks or
Wes Smith: Girlfriend
Richelle Direny: A weapon, so
Richelle Direny: Let's see, that's the thing. You see how you say it's two pucks ex girlfriend.
Wes Smith: No, yeah, I see, I see. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's funny because you know in watching it. There was a lot of allegations that was being said about them, but just about
Richelle Direny: What Jay was just everything she was just talking about everything. It was both of them that was sitting there talking
Wes Smith: Or will in her
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they were talking about their lives. I'm just kind of alluding to earlier relating to what you're saying that, you know,
Richelle Direny: Your truth and you can't worry about everybody else and what everybody because you know your truth. And if you allow if you're trying to contest, something that someone is saying that you know is aligned
Richelle Direny: With it makes it look like you're you're trying to hide the truth or you're trying to you're trying to defend
Richelle Direny: Something with, you know, your truth. So you just have not been people are going to say whatever they want and and I only made that exists, and I only bring that up because I remember it was
Richelle Direny: In listening to them. I know there was a lot of allegations that they were going to get a divorce. There was one in the media talks about, they were swingers
Richelle Direny: That's what I
Wes Smith: knew they would. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Fingers. Um, and she said, then I
Wes Smith: Kind of believe that
Richelle Direny: But that's the thing. So when they were talking about their lives. She did this interview and he was invited to talk. And she said, and so actually talks about their truth and kind of
Richelle Direny: You know, when they got to that point in their relationship there was the season in their relationship where it was just like, things were going downhill, or what have you.
Richelle Direny: And they, she said you know how they worked it out or how they work through it and how it renewed their relationship and they learned unconditional love.
Richelle Direny: And that at the end, they said, Okay, well let's address a lot of these things that are said in the media because so many things.
Richelle Direny: They said that we were never going to get a divorce. She said, I don't know where people gotten that from that they weren't they had chosen
Richelle Direny: That they were going through, they were they were both facing their individual truths and a lot of it was him facing His truth in just
Richelle Direny: Overall, who he was as a person who he was as a husband, he was just facing and they were never going through a situation where they thought about getting a divorce or they the conversation even came up about them getting a divorce.
Richelle Direny: But in the December one huh
Wes Smith: What are they surviving
Richelle Direny: They said they but they said in the tabloids they made that up. They said that they were never swingers
Richelle Direny: They said that
Richelle Direny: They said that she and then she said, that's a very specific life. And there's a lot that goes on to answer that, like she was like they were never swingers. Um, basically it's just been them to and then when it came on to to
Richelle Direny: To do to POC thing.
Richelle Direny: Apparently they knew each other, her into pot knew each other from high school.
Wes Smith: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they've known each other from high school. And if they've been like really good friends like they've been best friends. They've always been there for each other.
Richelle Direny: So it's kind of like if you and I, we grew up together and we're like tight like this. People are going to think because of that closeness.
Richelle Direny: We had something going no matter what you say that. And so he will talk about his intimidation towards that.
Wes Smith: He never understood said that to me was saying that in this press run for babbling three
Richelle Direny: He said that he never understood that relationship on, he was like he was very intimidated. He never really went up to two o'clock in the beginning, but that was just in even after Tupac died she talks, he talks about
Wes Smith: Ryan will see as a guy. Yeah, I would hate to see my girl Britain crying.
Richelle Direny: Because they were so close. They were so close their friendship was so tight because tool pockets, who got her into
Wes Smith: Where the yeah he was in that school for arts. Yeah. And it was for like the kids school
Richelle Direny: Because they were so he said like wherever I go, and whatever I do. You're going to be there with me because like they were that close. And he said, and Will Smith said when he done, she cried for 45 days straight and there was nothing he can do and you don't
Wes Smith: There that would hurt.
Wes Smith: No wonder he was
Richelle Direny: Coming down but then he's a because of the relationship that they had. But then, you know, and hearing him talk, but then you can see
Richelle Direny: The genuineness in their relationship and their love for each other and where they are today after 20 some odd years of marriage and I'm you know in watching the interview, but I'm just, I'm just sharing that for you.
Richelle Direny: Right, as individuals, we all should learn something, just from that, you know, information, regardless if you agree with
Richelle Direny: Bear whatever they do, and all of that, but just hearing that piece, it just speaks to us as humans don't understand that as long as you know your truth, it doesn't matter what I say.
Richelle Direny: Or I alluded to.
Richelle Direny: It's your truth if you know that you know one
Richelle Direny: If the quarantine if they after they on the coroner's office if they said that she had seven different drugs in her system. If you knew that you had
Richelle Direny: Your for two, three weeks. And this all she did was this, like, I don't understand. Where did you guys get that seven other drinks, because I know we were with each other all the time. And this is all she did so right other drugs. If people
Richelle Direny: That you're the one that gave her let's say they said that you gave her that final those if it
Wes Smith: Right, right.
Right. See
Richelle Direny: That she overdosed on and they said, well, you were the one that into you know you didn't do it. You know, you were no I didn't. But then everybody and I get how it gets to you.
Richelle Direny: Because you're you have 10 people saying the same things in there in your ear. And what does that do you feel the need to defend yourself Nash innately you feel the need to defend yourself.
Wes Smith: And you have taken the, the Father, the variables of, like, you know, there's your love. That's, that's your love. That's your that's your person, it just dawned on you and then like take also the variables like
Wes Smith: You know these people know nothing about it, nor do they give a fuck. And then, and then it's like
Wes Smith: The bottom where I got the info from about the autopsy and it was the same person that told me you know she was pregnant, she was two months pregnant, and I believe that 100% I really truly believe that 100% 100
Wes Smith: Now, and that's what I'm thinking to myself like I go through it. I'm like, I wouldn't. Okay. They would line about that because when I called him on it. They were quick to like jump off subject, not thinking back about it. But when they told me that is St cuz you know I mean yeah he's like
Wes Smith: Because it's
Richelle Direny: all said and done, I think about how
Wes Smith: He told me was a very reliable source. Let me just say this, they would, they could get to that access to those, those, those public
Richelle Direny: But then, okay, so this is the other question.
Richelle Direny: To you and and i think in you is taking it and applying it to other aspects of your life because the thing is, when you look at your journey to sobriety.
Richelle Direny: You're not just looking at all the things you've done, you're not reflecting just on all the things that you've done in the past. That means you use what you're looking at were, what about those situations that triggered you to lose control or to feel that need
Richelle Direny: Right.
Wes Smith: We left that. Yeah, right.
Richelle Direny: And so in this situation. Here it is. OK, I can be a reliable source.
Wes Smith: And I'm telling you that reliable source.
Richelle Direny: Nobody in here when I'm
Richelle Direny: Not here when I'm going if I'm a relay you see me as a reliable source because you know but and I'm going to tell you something about someone who has been who is passed on. What does that information going to do for you today.
Wes Smith: It ain't gonna
Richelle Direny: What would that information do for you today. Knowing that at this point you're working on healing.
Wes Smith: Right.
Wes Smith: I'll tell will always bring me down.
Richelle Direny: He was three months pregnant with Joe baby or if they say, you know, yeah, she was three months pregnant but friend, it was your baby. It was somebody else's but
Richelle Direny: What am I
Richelle Direny: Going to do for you today.
Richelle Direny: Right, we're trying to get to a place
Richelle Direny: Of beginning the healer. What is that let my son would say
Wes Smith: Like you're telling me get on the path basically right
Richelle Direny: Like yeah I'm telling you something about the past. Now you're already trying to heal some the loss of this person who at the time you felt was the love of your life.
Wes Smith: Well, well, I'm not really I'm not getting to know mentally what
Richelle Direny: That's what I'm saying. Like it that you're you're on a journey.
Richelle Direny: For you, you are you Wesley Smith is on a journey.
Richelle Direny: And your journey.
Richelle Direny: Is to to heal and to learn how to cope
With
Richelle Direny: Your what you're learning a whole you're trying to cope. You're trying to recruit you're trying to pretty much build a life free of any type of substances.
Richelle Direny: You're trying to whether it is going to school, whether it is that you're trying to establish
Richelle Direny: This new relationship and to make it work. And eventually, down the road, have a family and
Richelle Direny: You know, be able to
Richelle Direny: help somebody one day, if that's where you are today.
Richelle Direny: What sir what what what I'm, what I'm purpose does it serve for me to tell you now now oh you know that Stacy, she was pregnant, and I heard. I wasn't your baby.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. What is that what okay because now
Wes Smith: Me heard that.
Wes Smith: I never, I never heard that, like, it ain't mine. I just
Richelle Direny: giving you an example, keep me keep me
Richelle Direny: There. Yeah, I'm just giving you an example as
Wes Smith: Medical
Wes Smith: Yeah, that wouldn't do nothing but just tell me back into that old you know i mean it would it would have like a
Wes Smith: Fat a creep effect in the back of the mind, you know, I mean, yeah, so you're right because focus in on that would eventually have, like, it's like a relapse of emotion you know i mean like that emotion that
Richelle Direny: Kind of weird.
Wes Smith: Weird bird breeds contempt. Right.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. So he. Okay, even if it is, um,
Wes Smith: It didn't bother me. It really don't. It was just like me. And he was talking and I was just using an example. And I'm sorry I don't want you to think that that is getting that. Because it ain't you know i mean like
Richelle Direny: No, no, and nothing that i'm saying is suggesting that it's getting at you. It's just using it as an example. It's
Richelle Direny: How do I learn to cope with things that make
Richelle Direny: My way and then you look and how you do that is you learn from
Richelle Direny: All these from past things but then you're identifying triggers and housing when you're being a trigger. What are triggers for
Richelle Direny: You and that's what you're learning to identify like what are some of your triggers like one of your goals. What you said last time we spoke
Richelle Direny: Is that you want to be able to, you want to live this life in this journey of sobriety. But and wanting in doing that. You want to be able to identify
Richelle Direny: What are those triggers that makes you go backwards. That keeps making you fall backwards. What are those triggers. So like in identifying that goal. Like, what are some triggers that you can identify today. Like, what are some things that you can identify now.
Richelle Direny: I can have
Wes Smith: Certain triggers can be
Wes Smith: Can be can be Danny Kaye can come down to a shape of something, sometimes, like, but that's only on drug whites.
Wes Smith: Some triggers can be
Wes Smith: Like an argument with a close one.
Wes Smith: But not, it's not a strong trigger. I don't think
Wes Smith: And I feel like that's a good thing because now I used to see that as a big one. And I'm getting a little bit better but I'm
Wes Smith: Put on the spot. I hate and I always do that. I always I always have all of the questions. It's hard to get it out of my head is
Richelle Direny: It's something to think about. This is what I want you to do. I want you to think about it, just thinking, you know, if you feel like it's something that you can't answer today.
Richelle Direny: I want you to think about it. I want you to think about whenever you're identifiable goals is you want to be able to identify what are you want to, what are your triggers.
Richelle Direny: Um you while you want to remain on this journey of serenity in order to be successful at your journey.
Wes Smith: burgers. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So we
Wes Smith: Be able to avoid them. Yeah, see, like, a few of the triggers, I can say, all right, I'm
Wes Smith: Smoking like cigarettes sometimes can be a trigger to smoke weed. But that's an old one.
Wes Smith: Let me go through certain ones go into a certain house if if even if I'm not going there for that reason or going near that house wherever I went, you know, to buy drugs probably could be a trigger.
Wes Smith: Another type of trigger to be
Wes Smith: The toxicity in the wrong people.
Richelle Direny: People, people, places and situations.
Wes Smith: Yep. Now like I know people, places, things. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It sounds like it's more people, places and situations.
Wes Smith: Yeah, and then emotional
Richelle Direny: And emotional tree. It could be emotional. It could be, um, so you you've identified the people, places and situations. So maybe
Richelle Direny: The next time that we meet, we can now build upon a goal for each of those people places in situations. It's that at some point it's coming to that place where you say that there's some people's people that you need to walk away from because
Wes Smith: Maybe like 10 are wary of it.
Wes Smith: Where you yeah okay where we make
So,
Wes Smith: Mounted
Richelle Direny: Yes, you're gonna you're going to format and you're going to structure it and you're going to identify to learn you people
Richelle Direny: I am someone who comes into your life and I'm seasonal and I, meaning that I'm I'm only supposed to be in your life for a season.
Richelle Direny: And then right but then oftentimes what we do with these people, they
Wes Smith: Were I've heard that before.
Richelle Direny: You keep them in your life.
Richelle Direny: And you you think that their roots in your life like roots that hold a poetry, but I was never supposed to be a route. I'm just for the season and I'm on my business, but instead of letting me go, you find a way to help to hold on.
Richelle Direny: Right, holding on while I'm rotting away. You're always you're also running away with me because I was never meant to stay in your life long term.
Richelle Direny: I was wrong before season so cool. It's learning how to identify those people in your life that are triggers that need that you need to let go.
Richelle Direny: Yep.
Wes Smith: It's the. Well, I'll tell you this, also a big trigger
Wes Smith: You know, my brother and like I said he was still getting high. But it still is. And I've heard, but I haven't seen folks on the phone point one, two weeks ago, first time a long time since then.
Richelle Direny: But he's your brother.
Richelle Direny: Can you review rather
Wes Smith: Yeah, he's like, he's not really
Richelle Direny: If he or biological brother, whether it not, it came from your mom or your dad is your biological brother.
Wes Smith: No, no, he's, he is my I call my brother matter what because he has looked out for me more than
Wes Smith: My family has at times. He is a brother, because no matter what. I still remember that one person before the drugs have
Wes Smith: Like I said, that's, that's my people he knows he always says that I'm his brother, I say he's my brother.
People
Wes Smith: That
Wes Smith: You know, I mean, everybody notices that Smurfs 1415
Richelle Direny: Everywhere in your life. Do you think that he's a good influence in your life.
Wes Smith: Not a good influence, but I think he's a good person. That's just a lot deeper than
Richelle Direny: He lost it.
Richelle Direny: But then
Richelle Direny: So me so really
Wes Smith: He is not because he, you know, I mean, like I said, as a trigger to be around that you know me.
Richelle Direny: And realistically speaking. Are you going to
Richelle Direny: Say, he's somebody that needs to I need to move out of
Wes Smith: Sense, like I've been doing. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Wes Smith: He's also written things like you know I mean with my girlfriend like he's tried to get with her multiple times. I tell me I mean like back in the day, even back when blues first yet he's he's tricky on that situation. He's tricking a good difference which I received
Wes Smith: And
Wes Smith: You know me. And when he was a rounding. I mean, he was not. It's just like you look at me as like some dude. It's just you know i mean you know how to explain. I'm looking at me as your brother, no more like
Richelle Direny: Know, look.
Wes Smith: You turn every situation around like to make you look like the angel and me look like I'm just some person who's mad and angry and disgruntled everything. Nah, man. Oh, you're disrespectful and I know at least I was taught respect grown up.
Richelle Direny: Do you love him enough to walk away from the relationship
Wes Smith: I can't hear you. If you're speaking
Wes Smith: Oh, sorry I'm pinky was on the mic. But no, I have been distancing myself from him already
Richelle Direny: What I'm asking you. Do you love him enough to walk away completely from the relationship
Wes Smith: I couldn't. I'm not gonna lie I couldn't walk away completely.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then you have to realistically say
Wes Smith: Realistically, I'll loving my distance
Richelle Direny: But this is the question. You said that you don't you don't want to walk away fully because you guys have been together for a long time, but where you are in your journey to sobriety. You're trying to rebuild your life.
Richelle Direny: Do you, what do you love him enough to take a break, until you get on solid ground.
Wes Smith: That's, that's what I'm saying. Yeah, 11 from a distance, until I get me right to the point where a triggering shit, you know, I mean like
Wes Smith: But I'm sure like all drug addict said, I've seen coke. We recuperative drug addicts not drug some more say, you know, you just get older and wiser, yo.
Wes Smith: You'll always have that trigger, but it'll get so whittled down to nothing. You know, I mean to wear a point where when you get past this. You're on with this shit for a few years. You got it. You're going you know i mean 10 years later see that trigger the first time.
Wes Smith: And it will be so much of a window to easy thought to just pass. Yeah, I mean, like it's nothing. It can control know it can run it corrupts no
Wes Smith: No temptation is sprung from it. Like, like it's just and I see what that is and I can do it. I can do it. It just takes more greater restraint mentally thought it thinking about it.
Wes Smith: Literally, like they say if you can wrap your head around anything. You got it. If you can wrap your head around any situation, you think, and you got it. You use your mind and
Wes Smith: Don't want to come to the pain or that this or that situation, the physical part facilities in you got in the bag hurdle and
Wes Smith: I tried to apply logic.
Wes Smith: And you should get. And I really do. And it takes really greater strength and a greater will and i want i will power to be a tip top because I remember there was a 14 year old me that didn't fuck with drugs, excuse my language and didn't like you if you did do drills and
Wes Smith: Worked out who ran job boxed every other day after school and was doing this and you know I was doing good.
Wes Smith: So,
Richelle Direny: What I want you to do. I want you to think about and you know as a reminder, and we kind of share the reminder in in our group on Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Is that, think about in terms of goals you would like to work on. And what does that mean to you, you know, your goal is to be able to take a deeper look at people, places and situations that are triggers for you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I don't want
Richelle Direny: I don't want section.
Wes Smith: Again, we're
Richelle Direny: Not
Wes Smith: Have a more detailed
Wes Smith: Some
Richelle Direny: Of your triggers. Because what you want to in terms of your relapse prevention. Your goal is, is that you want to identify
Richelle Direny: Triggers and you're saying right now people, places and circumstances are your triggers. But then we have to take a deeper look and understanding what does that mean, and what does that look like for you as it's related to your triggers and building
Wes Smith: On your relapse prevention. Right, right. If you know i'm not pathetically to see if there was a person like he was asking drop work.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and that's
Wes Smith: What I mean, so then that's a way for me to say okay if I know I'm anticipating I know that this is going to be my answer.
Wes Smith: I got to anticipate how to, you know, safeguard you know
Richelle Direny: It's like evil were talking about earlier when I gave you the example of this clip I was watching with Jada Pinkett Smith, that could be a trigger that true because it here. It is that people are making
Wes Smith: These wall.
Wes Smith: Or the meat is
Richelle Direny: Uh huh.
Wes Smith: Are you talking about like Jada Pinkett with like a trigger with to park or was it like a trigger with
Richelle Direny: No, no, no, it's like
Richelle Direny: Well overall conversation that we were having earlier.
Is that we
Richelle Direny: Have when people say things that are untrue and you feel the need to defend yourself.
Richelle Direny: And in defending yourself it wears you out because you're so busy fighting with people.
Richelle Direny: On trying to get them to believe what your truth, instead of their own truth and that would in itself. When you get yourself worked up that could be a trigger. Because now you've you've worked with yourself.
Wes Smith: Trying to defend your
Wes Smith: Your right. And, um, let's see. I am the type, though I am the type that I have more times in my life analyst analytically speaking
Wes Smith: If you was the margin that up. I have probably 70% of all my life. I have been 75% that if something was said that was not true and I ended. Really, ain't I would I would hear it.
Wes Smith: And I would get mad and still try to defend myself and people like whoa, stop making yourself look guilty and it's like, I know I am, but I still it pisses me off.
Richelle Direny: Because because your expectation is that you want them to believe your truth.
Richelle Direny: Will be with me. You're gonna believe what they want to believe
Wes Smith: One time told me back and they say fuck what they think. I see that you're a good guy and you're like, it's not true. Something young. I remember one time he's telling me like
Wes Smith: It was because of you know me, my dog, it took. I remember he's telling me. He's like, man. Stop trying to prove people shit.
Wes Smith: Because I can tell already just by how you're passionate and how you like gleam in your eye when you talk about he's like that. Yeah, yeah, I can tell you just one of those people that make yourself look guilty by getting mad.
Richelle Direny: Mad you're making yourself look so much more guilty when you're good, you're not. But he's
Wes Smith: Not, you know,
Richelle Direny: Because we are we're creatures expectations, we expect things from people. We have these expectations without
Realizing
Richelle Direny: If you you know if you're able to pick apart to understand what is it about people, places and circumstances that
Richelle Direny: Are triggers be
Richelle Direny: Taking a deeper look at that, then we can
Richelle Direny: Work to create your relapse prevention plan. Because remember, here it is that you're saying that you in this person has been friends for a long time, maybe in this period in your life, maybe in order for you guys to
Richelle Direny: In order for you guys to to to start and change or begin to change. You need to be separated me and together. We'll never you maybe both of you will never get on this journey of sobriety, but being a parent. Maybe you're able to get on this journey of sobriety.
Wes Smith: The you're talking about. That's an
Wes Smith: You're pretending to my brother in that situation.
Richelle Direny: So you
Wes Smith: Have to be on his journey of sobriety on his own.
Richelle Direny: And you can't be involved because maybe both of your trigger to each other and both of you. It's like, okay, my friend, I would you
Richelle Direny: Know you want to
Wes Smith: You could ask my girlfriend for row. I haven't seen him in a couple months and I tried to avoiding I really do like
Wes Smith: I think
Wes Smith: subconscious thing I do. It's like, plus I know he's on triggering wants something he know because I'm like I said, I got a great looking girlfriend, she's very beautiful girl. She's smart, she's not amateurish.
Wes Smith: Notes just everything but a guy would want. And you know me and he's the type that you no longer sees me as the brother. I think he just sees me as somebody that
Wes Smith: In the way I don't know he likes a lot, she's not. She's a wholesome woman seem like she back off. Yeah, I'm worse.
Wes Smith: Than two and you know and then anybody else it would have been an automatic let's just go ahead and get this in mean you're gonna fight you know i'm not type nobody will take my girlfriend, you know, I mean, you just put me on the ground, but that's just my pride. Anyway, you know, but
Wes Smith: And and I love her to death. So, but you know me. It's just a little. So, no, I'm making. It's just like if you're on this trip re and plus you were the toxic person that I had to get away from before I got her last year.
Wes Smith: Then God, it's just like, Yeah, I think that's a cost. Oh, I just stay stay back
Wes Smith: A couple days ago on on
Wes Smith: Time.
Richelle Direny: I'm looking at my calendar west. Let's do the 11th for
Wes Smith: Lemon may
Wes Smith: May 11 at four.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you're going to
Richelle Direny: Use the six o'clock group is best for you. Right.
Wes Smith: Six o'clock now.
You can
Richelle Direny: Eat the 12 or the six
Wes Smith: It was 12
Wes Smith: Okay, well, no, we will do six o'clock that day.
Richelle Direny: It's whatever time you want to come and then either one is good for you.
Wes Smith: Let's do it at six, six on um
Richelle Direny: Well, no, I'm talking about this Thursday. I'll see you in this Thursday.
Wes Smith: Oh, okay. No, I can do it at 12 that's fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So I'll do so um
Richelle Direny: We'll see each other, they
Wes Smith: May 11. That's it for right
Richelle Direny: May 11 here in text form.
Richelle Direny: And I mean group. I always go over everybody's appointments
Richelle Direny: I go over over everybody's upcoming appointments. I think you're frozen.
Wes Smith: Hold on one second. No, I just got my face off. I'm putting it on there right now on my calendar.
Wes Smith: I'm setting a couple notifications to remind me like a day before, and then an hour before
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Wes Smith: All right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, I'm I'm I'm punctual, I try to stay, you know,
Richelle Direny: That's good wife. I like it. I like it.
Wes Smith: Say it.
Wes Smith: Says it conflicts with the No. Okay. No. Okay, I got it. All right. All right. I'll come back it
Wes Smith: Should be seeing me now.
Richelle Direny: Okay then. So I have you all set. So I'll see you in group on Thursday.
Wes Smith: Okay, so at 12 right Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Thank you.